You have been tasked with building a user interface for a new restaurant named Burger Shop that allows customers to place custom orders for hamburgers.
Instructions

Update the code below to create a working program.

The provided code includes a framework for the program, including a series of classes that represent each item a customer might purchase, such as burgers, sides (e.g., fries, onion rings, or a garden salad), drinks, and combo platters that include multiple items. Note that each of these classes inherits from a FoodItem class that should define the properties that are common to all items on the menu. The framework also includes functions that you will define to work with the classes and create the customer's order.

Start by asking the customer for their name, which will be used to identify the order. The program should then perform the following steps:

    Ask the customer if they want a burger, a side, a drink, or a combo.
        A combo must include a burger, a side, and a drink.
    Prompt them for details about their selection, such as condiments for a burger, what kind and size of drink, and so on.
    Create the item based on their selections.
    Add the item to the Order class.
    Repeat these steps until the customer doesn't want to order anything else.
    Display the order details including the price.
    Thank the customer for their business.

A complete order output should include at least one of the items on the menu, the price for each item ordered, and the total price based on all items in the order.

Also include an option that allows the customer to cancel their order at any point in the ordering process. The output should thank the user for their business but not display anything ordered.
Requirements

It is entirely up to you to decide details such as prices, what condiments and sides are available, and so on. However, the program must meet the following requirements:

    Include your name and a current date in a comment on the first line of code.
    Use the classes provided in the Starter Code below as a starting point. Create additional classes as necessary to streamline the code.
    All text displayed to the user must be meaningful and use correct spelling and grammar.
    The customer must be able to order anything on the menu. (It might be useful to display menu options to the user, so they know what they can select.)
    The customer must be able to cancel the order at any time in the ordering process.
    The program must handle errors gracefully. For example, if the user enters an item that is not on the menu, the program should inform the user of the problem and prompt them to order something else instead.

